//Monofuel 2014

This "MonoMods" package is a custom package of plugins for the japura.net server. In the interest of code quality, the complete code
and build process will be public on github to encourage critiqueing and improvements.

Unfortunately, some of this code was rushed together with the hopes to 'just get it working' and could use improvements.

requires java 1.7

tweaks:
depending on which version of bukkit or cauldron you're using, you may need to make a few tweaks

security tweaks:
for cauldron, java.policy will have to be tweaked for some reason.
jre/lib/security/java.policy

needs the lines:
	//for minecraft
	permission javax.management.MBeanTrustPermission "register";

code tweaks:
you can either build the mongodb driver into the jar or include it on the classpath at runtime.
This can be set in build.xml for the relevent plugins.
It would be nice if the plugins using it could automatically download and load it or something.
Bukkit.getOnlinePlayers() is called by MonoChat, and there are multiple kinds of craftbukkit 1.7.10
floating around. The one i started working with returned Player[], but apparently they decided to scrap
that function with no backwards compatability. the latest bukkit api (and the latest cauldron) return
a collection. I've included lines for both, with one commented out depending on which API you're using.
I mean, it's not like they could have just left the one that returned Player[] and marked it as depricated or something, right?


included files and directories:

TODO.txt: list of things on the to-do list
BUILD.txt: build and testing instructions
build.xml: ant build file
push.sh: script to push built plugins into test/plugins
LICENSE.txt: BSD license that any software written by monofuel for this project is included under.

bin: currently only for jar files and to include documentation
build: built class files
dist: final jars to distribute
docs: web-readable documentation for the plugins generated by the ant build process
src/japura: source for the japura.net server plugins
src/org/json: source for the simple JSON parser
test: directory for a testing server

USAGE:

follow the instructions in BUILD.txt to compile and test the plugins.

LICENSE:

Anything in src/japura/* is included under the modified BSD license included.
all software in src/japura/* was written by monofuel for japura.net
